part 1 functions

void initKeypad()

there will be 3 columns and 4 rows. rows are odc and columns are inputs with pull up resistors.
This function serves to initialize all of that. It wont return anything. At the end of the day 
if everything is initialized correctly we should be able to interface from the keypad



char scanKeypad(void) 	

This functin is used to determine what button is pressed. from the ISR we know that at least one 
button has been pressed. When we come into this we will scan each row with the odc in thier configuration.

This functin returns a char "key" which is set to the character that was pressed. We will then pass that character
to the print char function from last lab in the LCD component. If more than one button is pressed "key" is set to -1
indicating that we dont have a valid button press and therefore should not print






Part 2 functions

int validatepw(some pointer..)		

this function shoud take a string in most likely in the form of a pointer. the goal of this function is to 
determine if a string passed in it is a good password. Requirements for the password are that it is 4 characters
long and that it does not contain "*" or "#". I would also imagine that we should check it against our "database" 
to see if that current password already exists. If it does exist the new password should be rejected.

If the password meets all of the criteara than a valid flag should be raised indicating that the password is valid.


int database(pointer)

we will get into this function if the valid flag was raised above. This function will serve two purposes. Its first is that if we have a 
valid password we should store it in an array.

Its second use will be if a user is entering an existing password we need to check it against the existing array of passwords. If it is an
existing password a "goodPassword" flag should be raised. If it is a non existing password then the good flag will be down. Depending on the status
of the flag the logic in main will display the right message to the LCD